Hello brother ye
Mr. Xu gave you a day out
Thanks
Hey, Mr. Ye
What's next?
Do you want to stroll in Huahai?
I just wanted to go out for a walk
Buy something to go home
It just so happens that Xiaowang grew up in Huahai
I also like to shop around
Let him show you around
That's right. What does Mr. Ye want to buy?
Tell me directly
I'll take you there.
Then I'll definitely not be polite to you.
Mr. Ye
How do you say you're a millionaire now?
How can you not even have a pager?
If anything happens, no one can find it.
Didn't you think so much at once?
I didn't expect them to meet so early
No wonder
Wife wife
I heard you are pregnant, let me kiss you
What are you listening to?
Already hit
Why is that?
So much why
Can you afford it?
What's wrong with Mr. Li?